Sorry, I'm talking
to Blake Shelton.
I know, I know.
Oh, OK.
We're back with Sandra
Bullock and Blake Shelton.
And you're chatting
with each other.
And do you know each other?
Have you all met?
She says we--
Once.
On the Jay Leno show.
Well, that's not really meeting.
We just sort of sat
next to each other.
Right, well, then
that was a while ago.
It was Jay Leno, so--
It was.
So you don't remember here--
There's no reason for
us to be friendly,
because this is a competition
right now, Sandra.
[LAUGHTER]
OK?
Don't try, don't
try to talk about--
Bring it, bring it, bring it.
About how we were old
friends on the Jay Leno Show.
Wow she's stretching.
I'm ready to bring it on.
She's stretching,
and she's ready.
Are you waving?
What is she doing?
All right.
[AUDIENCE CHEERING]
[INAUDIBLE] All right.
Got it, touched my toe.
All right.
Touched my toe.
Here we go.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
You're going to air this?
Here we go.
We're going to air
most of it, yes.
I'm not good at these.
All right, we're going to
play the five-second rule.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[LYRICS] If I could turn back
time, if I could find a way.
I'd take back those words that--
Yes, Cher played this
game on the show.
Did you use-- was
that the theme song?
Stop talking.
Let's play, I'm nervous.
Come on, stop talking.
Let's do it.
[INAUDIBLE]
We've always used that song.
And then she happened to be--
OK, name three things in
five seconds, then hit that.
And this will stop the clock.
So make sure you hit it
after you say three things.
OK--
Sandra?
Yeah.
Name three things you watch on
TV after the kids go to bed?
Porn, cartoons,
and cooking shows.
[BELL RINGING]
[APPLAUSE]
That's a good opener.
Good.
Wow.
Goodness gracious
Please don't air this
when my kids can see it.
[LAUGHTER]
Did she-- do you watch
it on the internet?
Porn on the internet, or you
to watch it on TV, like the--
Old school TV?
Never mind.
Doesn't--
All right.
Blake, name three
things you do with Gwen
after the kids go to bed.
Oh, my God.
Watch porn, cooking
shows, and Instagram.
[BUZZER]
OK, that's good.
All right, great.
Well, it seems like
if either of you
lose you significant other--
How similar we are.
Yeah, you can be together.
You can't do that every time.
All right.
We can't do that every time.
You can't do that every time.
You can do whatever you want.
Yeah.
Sandra.
Yes.
Name three things you want to
find under the Christmas tree.
Cash, a Porsche, and porn.
[BELL]
[LAUGHTER]
Good.
This is-- this is so immature.
This is very immature.
Don't stoop-- don't
stoop to her level.
I won't.
Blake, name three things
you put on a Christmas tree.
Ornaments, lights,
and candy canes.
[BELL]
Oh, with 2.6 seconds.
All right.
Sandra, name three
judges on The Voice.
Oh, my God.
Blake Shelton, Adam
Levine, and Kelly Clarkson.
OK.
Blake, name three of your
favorite Sandra Bullock movies.
The Blind Side,
Speed, and Speed 2.
Oh.
Were you in Speed 2?
Oh, no.
You weren't?
Dang it.
There was.
But you can't say that.
You were in Speed 2.
I was.
That's my favorite.
It can't be.
That's my third favorite.
It can't be, I can't be.
Oh, God.
It can't be.
You pulled that out of your--
Sandra?
Yeah, yeah.
Sandra, name three things
your kids make fun of you for.
Just me in general, my
laugh, and my intellect.
Intellect, Your kids are
judging your intellect.
They are.
Wow.
Intellect.
Name three things Gwen
makes fun of you for.
My hair, my socks, and the
same shirt I wear every day.
Wait, no, hold on.
What?
He touched it while
he was answering.
It doesn't matter.
He's still won.
It doesn't matter?
Yeah.
Sandra?
I want to win.
Oh, my God.
I know.
Sandra, name three
terms for hooking up.
Netflix and chill,
banging, and--
Banging?
Doing it.
I don't know.
Ha, ha.
I've got a chance.
I'm back.
I thought she said doing it too.
Have you?
I was panicked.
You want to do it too.
I said it when I was panicked.
I said doing it harm.
[LAUGHTER]
I don't know why.
That came out of my mouth.
Doing it.
Yeah.
Doing it hard.
Do it.
OK.
Yeah, yeah.
Doing it.
[LAUGHTER]
Blake, name three excuses to
get out of a speeding ticket.
Uh, cry, and I was going
to the hospital, and--
[BUZZER]
Oh, no, you didn't make it.
[BELL RINGING]
Oh.
I feel like it goes faster
when it's on me than when
Sandra is talking.
No, no.
It's like you're leaning the
game-- you want her to win.
No.
Everyone here is going home with
a five-second rule board game.
Yeah.
[APPLAUSE]